hello I'm the inventor of grand
theft auto and I'm sure you
Everyone bought the new game gta 5
from the pc gamers of course for it
but now we have a solution and
now there are five he goes only for pc
gamers with many new features
many wanted that gta more realistic
That's why we love you new
added features
one of them is, for example, if you go to
die dies dies also in the real one
Life
many have so many with the old
For example, chips use money
everything is needed by now
no more
You can now easily get a real money
in real life on the quarter, a
flight and they already have a lot
money is not cool with that
makes
give our form
on which she who also a small one
for example , such things are possible
has functions then I try that
I just want to have one
apple a man how cool is that?
would like to have world domination
No
where the thing can not do anything like
already said we want to go slowly
We also created that we live now
when it goes so like not inserted
have the means if one builds shit
Already with a star or something
Do you come to the prison in real time?
sounds mega fun I or no
O
such a shit
So I have to say that they too are the new ones
buy gta 5 s because everyone buys so completely
no matter which
mozilla knows you will be happy
yes synonymous for the pc can not come out
member who was there again today
you can go on it anyway
next exercise is like the future for
the last video on that was an asthma
check out the first sketch alt it here
was always those things with the
celebrity
I wish you analysis wanted this
us the next friday and not too
a lot of